Blogging so in the host's profile we have only two option extract profile from a host or import house
profile.
Of course we have different techniques to create a host profile from this place or living on a specific
host.
So this option in part has provided me with Ampat a host profile exists in your laptop or desktop.
So you simply click on browser then your check fine and you import it then you give it a name and a
description and click OK.
And you have a host to provide in the center center but of course we don't have a hospital fine I no
we can simply extract our profile from a specific cause.
So when we go to a specific costs like that then we make the necessary configuration.
In this is I host pulls up in the config about the storage about the timing.
So by the way the configuration that we create is do this one the config all the information exists
in this one.
This is do a hosts file that we create with.
Of course we have an option here at its highest profile to Attash also provide to this E6 I host.
So when we make alde it in necessity for different integration.
Right.
And we want to repeat the same configuration into CG and it's a host and endured and so on.
We simply do it in how I want and then we try to import the sitting as our hosts profile.
So we simply click on extract profile from a host and let's discover the auction.